# Albion-Online---webscraping-service
## This is a webscraping service, which allows users fetching data from Albion Online killboards page and saves it in output Excel file..

I created this web app as a hobby project for my computer game Albion Online.
Very often in this game guilds pay back for their members gear if they die in battle. Players provide their leaders links
to their "killboard" page, i.e. https://albiononline.com/en/killboard/kill/25430696.
I found it very time consuming vising every link, reading data manually and putting it in an Excel file,
so I decided to automate it for myself and soon to deplou it as a free Albion data fetching web application.

## Creating this web app I used following modules and packages:

### 1. BeautifulSoup and json:
To create a .json file containing all items available in Albion Online, so I could easily translate
computer generated item names, to more user friendly, i.e. "T5_2H_HOLYSTAFF_HELL" to "Fallen Staff". I took the data from
http://www.albionchest.com/

### 2. Regular Expressions module:
I decided to use it, because people could paste their links with some other random stuff, since they could be
copying them from i.e. Discord app, or online forum. To handle all exceptions I created a function,
which is looking for specified patterns in their input and if found, appends them to a list.

### 3. BeautifulSoup and Selenium with Selenium webdriver:
Those I had to use to actually visit every link provided by user and fetching the website data,
which was dynamically generated by javascript.

### 4. Object Oriented Programming:
I created special classess as blueprints, since every "killboard" contained the same kind of data, i.e. player nickname, guild,
item power, helmet, armor etc. Doing it this way I could then easily generate a dictionary to store all data.

### 5. Json module, Pandas Dataframes and Pandas ExcelWriter:
I used prevously created .json file, to actually translate all data fetched and then saved it all in Pandas Dataframe. Then with use of Pandas ExcelWriter I put everything in an Excel file, previously configuring it, to make columns with specified width and
text centered.

### 6. Datetime module:
Each filename is generated taking user input and also by adding current day's date.

### 7. Django, HTML, CSS:
Finally I put all together using Django. I created a website, where users can create their accounts, which later store all their
generated files.
